The Metasploit Exploit Framework source code is dual-licensed under the GNU
General Public License v2.0 and the Artistic License. The package is Copyright
(c) 2003 H D Moore, contributions from others and their individual copyrights
are marked at the top of each file. 


The exploit modules included in this package are individually licensed and
Copyright (c) by their respective authors. Please see the Author field of each
module to determine what license is specified. If you need a module under a
different license (GPL module and you want to include it in non-GPL code),
please contact the author directly.


The payload modules included in this package are individually licensed and
Copyright (c) by their respective authors. Please see the Author field of each
module to determine what license is specified. Many of the assembly payloads
were obtained from public resources that did not specify the terms of license.
These payloads are being treated as public domain and will be removed or
rewritten if a dispute arises. Each of these payloads is Copyright (c) by their
respected author.


The InlineEgg library and some of the examples are Copyright (c) 2002, 2003 Core
Security Technologies, Core SDI Inc and under a non-commercial license. Please
see the file COPYING.InlineEgg for more information. This code may not be
included or referenced in any form by a commercial derivative of the
Metasploit Exploit Framework. 


The Impurity components are licensed under the GNU General Public License v2.0
and Copyright (c) 2003 Alexander E. Cuttergo. Modifications have been made from
the original version and the additional components are Copyright (c) 2003 H D
Moore / METASPLOIT.COM. The assembly payloads and handler routines that are
incorporated into the Metasploit Exploit Framework are compatible with, but not
derivative works of, the original Impurity release. 

